I've finally begun this project. It has taken me several weeks to actually put paper to pen. I've been wanting to do something for a while now. Some creative task that would allow me to add organization and learning to my life. This desire has unfortunately grown up wildly. I did not know what to do or where to do it. I contemplated all maner of projects and tasks yet I did nothing. I wanted to start writing but I found every reason to delay my start. So now, I am beginning by just writing.

I wanted to get out some ideas that I've had recently, but at the moment they seem to have fled my mind. I'm actually quite worried that Tasha will turn over any minute and tell me she is tired and ready for bed. This is not a good time for me to be writing. It's too bad because I really want to get this started. Well, it's no matter at least I was able to do something.

I want to eventually connect the different arms of my interests into some sort of project. The idea for this project has not solidified. It is more like a shadow or an impression at the moment. I'm not even sure the medium that I want to work in.

There are some tasks that I do know I want to do. I want to figure out something that can address the gap between task list and notebook. 

At first glance notepad looks like a great app to use for my thoughts, but in the end it doesn’t pan out. It’s got a lot of bells and whistles and some part of me really likes that, but it’s too complicated. I really want it to work, but in the end it just doesn’t do it. There needs to be a balance between settings and customization and simplicity. The app needs to be simple, elegant and unobtrusive, yet flexible enough to bend to a user’s unique tastes. Evernote is missing wikilinks which I view as a necessity. I need notes to understand keywords and build relationships automatically. 

Now devonthink does pretty much everything I want and includes a good deal of features plus the ability to connect scripts fairly easily. The issue with DT is it’s a bit bulky. I’d prefer to have an app that is much more minimal in presentation. Something like Notational velocity.
