I've finally begun this project. It has taken me several weeks to actually put paper to pen. I've been wanting to do something for a while now. Some creative task that would allow me to add organization and learning to my life. This desire has unforntunately grown up wildly. I did not know what to do or where to do it. I contemplated all maner of projects and tasks yet I did nothing. I wanted to start writing but I found every reason to delay my start. So now, I am beginning by just writing.

I wanted to get out some ideas that I've had recently, but at the moment they seem to have fled my mind. I'm actually quite worried that Tasha will turn over any minute and tell me she is tired and ready for bed. This is not a good time for me to be writing. It's too bad because I really want to get this started. Well, it's no matter at least I was able to do something.

I want to eventually connect the different arms of my interests into some sort of project. The idea for this project has not solidified. It is more like a shadow or an impression at the moment. I'm not even sure the medium that I want to work in.

There are some tasks that I do know I want to do. I want to figure out something that can address the gap between task list and notebook (#idea#). This document is a perfect example. As I write down my thoughts and ideas they exist in a note in an app somewhere. If I begin using another app or if I'm working off a task list or project management app like asana I will be without any reminder of the idea I had while writing. Memory alone is not enough. There needs to be a way to organize so that the ideas written in a journal can become projects in a task list. I think I will start off by using a marker, a flag, in my writing. This will become the seed for a Clever Creation project. There are some things that I will need to address. I will eventually require an app that uses wikilinks. *sidenote* I'd like to mention that the reason this project is necessary is because of workflow issue it addresses. I tend to think while I talk and/or write, so it is much more effective for me to brainstorm or come up with a list of tasks while I write instead of just creating a list. ** #TODO# I need to come up with a key for my marks and flags. As I develop this key, I can try different variations and ideas out in order to find the best looking format. ${To start off with I can build some simple scripts that will search text for a flag and add it to a list/ database somewhere.}  Hopefully, I will get more used to brainstorming this way and more importantly hopefully I will actually work on making these ideas realities. #Create a small alfred workflow that launches a text box through python and allows the user to write whatever copying the contents to the clipboard and allowing some other options.##

Features, Tools and Designs
Wikilinks
Colored Text based on syntax rules 
